Turnep


21st century is the century of technological advancement where computer or mobile phones has become part of the life for accessing almost any kind of information. Technology has become part of every man and woman in this era. As the increasing use of technology and advancement in the technology, nowadays everyone wants to complete their tasks using digital devices. Along with many people now uses virtual platform to be connected, share and get genuine information. Social media is what most applied to day to day life of every person. Even though the advancement of this much technology, there lacks some sorts of services that every people are unable to use and benefit. Hence, our project would provide a people the platform for a people. This system will provide two beneficiaries i.e. the first benefit will be to the  user by providing a platform to view news and crimes around them., and second the police officers and respective persons working on different cases. Users can view the  the news and missing peoples list in the applications’ homepage and missing people section. Authorized person can view the reports of crimes and missing people to use information on their work in progress case reports. This App allows user to file complaints or missing reports and keep a track of it. There are 2 categories that a user can file; Crime Report and Missing Report. The App also allows other user who doesn’t want to register but can check the crimes and missing persons' list at his or any other area.
